Claude and Connector SDK experiment blog (#81)
fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk: ai_and_connector_sdk/README.md

# Introduction
This part of the repo is to help you use emerging AI tools to quickly create connections that work for you using Connector SDK.

# ChatGPT

> ChatGPT can be effectively used to help you create working connector SDK code. This was achieved by passing it examples from this repo as well as the full [technical reference](https://fivetran.com/docs/connector-sdk/technical-reference) documentation. ChatGPT when tested required some manual adjustments of the created code.

Reviewer: What is "this" that was achieved? 
```suggestion
ChatGPT can be effectively used to help you leverage our Connector SDK to build custom connectors. This was achieved by passing examples from this repository along with the full [technical reference](https://fivetran.com/docs/connector-sdk/technical-reference) documentation to ChatGPT. ChatGPT, when tested, required some manual adjustments of the created code.
```

Reviewer 2: This -> creation of working connector sdk code

# Claude

> Claude proved capable of creating a connector that ran first time and populated a 4 table schema. There were extra unnecessary requirements included in the requirements.txt file and the `__main__` didn't include the code needed to run the connector using my IDE run button. We [created a blog](link_to_blog) about our experiences and include the code as Claude generated it. We have also included the `warehouse.db` and `state.json` files so you can easily review the output of the first sync even though these files are only temp files created during testing and are not required for a connector SDK.

Reviewer 2: don't forget to link the blog before merging

> Claude proved capable of creating a connector that ran first time and populated a multi table schema. There were extra unnecessary requirements included in the requirements.txt file and the `__main__` didn't include the code needed to run the connector using my IDE run button. We [created a blog](www.fivetran.com/blog/building-a-fivetran-connector-in-1-hour-with-anthropics-claude-ai) about our experiences and include the code as Claude generated it. We have also included the `warehouse.db` and `state.json` files so you can easily review the output of the first sync even though these files are only temp files created during testing and are not required for a connector SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Claude has proved to be capable of creating a connector where the connection populated a multi-table schema at the first run. There were extra unnecessary requirements included in the `requirements.txt` file, and the `__main__` top-level code environment didn't include the code needed to run the connection using my IDE run button. We [created a blog article](www.fivetran.com/blog/building-a-fivetran-connector-in-1-hour-with-anthropics-claude-ai) about our experiences and included the code as Claude generated it. We have also included the `warehouse.db` and `state.json` files so you can easily review the output of the first sync even though these files are only temporary files created during testing and are not required for Connector SDK.
```
"didn't include the code needed to run the connection using my IDE run button." what does it mean? I kind of understand, but who is "I" and why "my IDE" is being talked about? It's Fivetran docs.

Reviewer: Where's the blog article? We need to see it to get the context. In cases like this, we techwriters always need the context.

Reviewer 2: @5tran-alexil the blog is yet to be published, there is a link to draft in the PR description, I'm sharing it here also for your reference
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Bc9POtSrX-dkNH6b6G-0jbkob42TD7JroPa1yRIDhvg/edit?tab=t.0
